You're wondering why I brought you all here.
After all, we just had a feast.
Since when does old Walter give us two feasts in a single fortnight?
Heh heh heh.
Well, it's no good being Lord of the Riverlands if you can't celebrate with your family.
That's what I say.
I've gathered every fray who means a damn thing, so I can tell you my plans for this
great house now that winter has come.
But first, a toast.
No more of that gourlish horse piss.
This is the finest arbor gold.
Proper wine for proper heroes.
Sand together.
Not you.
I'm not wasting good wine on a damn woman.
Maybe I'm not the most pleasant man.
I'll admit it, but I'm proud of you lot.
For my family, the men who helped me slaughter the Starks at the Red Wedding.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Brave men, all of you, but you're the woman pregnant with her babe.
Cut the throat of a mother of five.
Slorted your guests after inviting them into your home.
But you didn't slaughter every one of the Starks.
No, no.
That was your mistake.
You should have ripped them all out.
Loot and stem.
The one wolf alive and the sheep are never safe.
When people ask you what happened here, tell them the North remembers.
Tell them winter came for house frame.